you see stocks rising and so you've been
laughing all the way to the bank
equities have been making new highs and
thereby increasing the well-being of
society you watch unemployment declining
jobs numbers rolling in positively and
you think to yourself maybe things
aren't so bad after all well you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to get into
this issue every single day I'm
commenting to one person or another
about this and that
is if there is a global economic
collapse where the hell is it since
March 2009 everything has been going
along with very few
hiccups so I assure you sit back relax
and I will show you what's going on
when you see the stock market you will
consistently see it making new
highs there are many indicators out
there thousands of indicators reliable
indicators that show you the health of
an economy you can take one or
two and propose your idea of how well
things are doing or how poorly things
are doing but if you take them all and
lay them outside by side and you know
that some are more important than others
you get to the
truth and it is important to
note why the stock markets have been
increasing it is important to note why
things have been going the way they have
been and when you look at a country like
Venezuela you know they are in Dire
Straits right now at this time yet the
stock market has appreciated
significantly look at this it's moving
up from approximately 10,000 to 60,000
in a short period of time does that mean
that you should invest in Venezuela's
equities well perhaps it's better than
their
currency but I would advise against that
the economy is doing poorly the currency
is being devalued and as a result stocks
are increasing but everything's
increasing because of the
hyperinflation so that's what you need
to understand where is this rise coming
from do you want to ride that wave well
that's up to you now this isn't the only
example of course one other example
going back to wart Germany priced in
marks or priced in US Dollars you
find that they encountered the same
thing you had the value of the stock
market dramatically increasing in a very
short period of time why because of a
hyperinflation that drove the value of
the stock market higher should you have
rushed in and got in on that
well that's up to you again but it's not
an indicator of the economy I assure you
things weren't going very well at that
time I've read a lot about this and it's
not a good reason to invest in equities
once again perhaps better than investing
in marks but it's better to just go on
take your money and
run let's move on to
this you look at the central banks
around the world this happens to be
Japan
they claimed that they will buy
unlimited bonds what does that tell
you that they are willing to completely
destroy the currency if needed and of
course that gives confidence to the
markets which is quite
sad but it shows you what is really
supporting these stock markets
central banks currently at this time are
printing
$2 billion dollar per
month in their different schemes
different quantitative easing type
schemes it's not just the Federal
Reserve that has a central
bank all over the world they are
Printing and printing and printing it
hasn't
stopped since 2009 with all the stimulus
packages is going onward qe1 123 you
could see what Bank of Japan is doing
and all all central banks in fact have
engaged in some sort of money printing
scheme and that doesn't linearly make
its way into asset prices all the
time and of course it's difficult in
many cases
to try to lift up particular Market
markets unless they go in directly and
buy them which they
do but what I've seen is the money Finds
Its way into the banking system and then
in sort of an asynchronous pattern lifts
assets and they become bubbles we can
see many bubbles formed at the same time
you will see the asset purchase programs
going directly in to buying up shares
of particular stocks that's one huge
reason that simply not being
discussed this is part of an infog
graphic I'm just going to touch on a few
points from it it's talking about MF
Global this shows you how weak the
markets truly
are MF Global collapses as $1.2 billion
go missing
what did they do well during the
European sovereign debt crisis that we
saw they were heavily affected MF Global
may I I would disagree I would just
strike that word
out have raid customer funds to try and
meet
obligations they took money out of
segregated
accounts and they did so to have their
to basically make up for the
shortfall segregated accounts people
feel that their money their Investments
are secure well I have insurance well
this particular stock is been doing well
it's one of the biggest companies in the
world this company is not going to go
down maybe that one or the other one but
not this one not the one I
own and they're always going to pay
dividends
and they are always going to continue to
rise and I don't have to
worry but the people at MF Global they
thought the same thing so it's up to
you then we have Puerto Rico which right
now is suffering they've gone
bankrupt and look at these people
here retired school teacher
what happened
here he's facing a 10% cut to his
pension but that
individual
was under the impression he was getting
100% of his
pension and so all the people listening
who are relying on those pensions I mean
you think you're going to get 100% of
your pension right well you might you
might but you might not so what will
happen what will happen if everybody
starts getting first 90% of their
pension then 80 then 60 then 40 and so
on well you're going to have a lot of
pissed off people in the
streets this one here he uh had $2
million of his savings tied up in bonds
that Puerto Rico just defaulted
on the business is going downhill
defaulting on the bonds but but you
guaranteed that money for
me you said it was safe you said it was
you know let's say a AAA rated asset but
but now you're defaulting so I don't
have any money
left the government is
bankrupt says this private bus driver
everyone is bankrupt there's nothing
left people do not have jobs do not take
the bus to work the ripple effect
remember the ripple effect it's not just
about you it's about your neighbors as
well this is a really good uh
infographic
website just showing you this one
example what's happening here during the
Great
Depression allow me to
interject what I believe to be a
collapse when I say collapse if you
haven't guessed it already I am not
talking necessarily about the value of
the stock market why Mar Germany
collapsed but it collapsed
upward Venezuela is collapsing their
stock market is going upward we don't do
not need to see the value of the stock
market going down in order to have this
be a collapse but I'm not even going
that route I am talking about the real
economy how would I know that the S SMP
tomorrow it increases by 10 points let's
say how do I know that it really
increased by 10 points I don't know I'm
just reading it on the different
websites I don't know but that's what
they say so that's what I'm going with
nobody knows what the value is nobody
knows what's happening behind the scenes
sure let's just assume that it's real
but to me it doesn't even matter because
it's not a real value to me it's not
important to
me breadlines of the modern era the
Great Recession if we go back into a
true
collapse the Great Depression you'll see
this right
here this
is an approximate size of your average
Walmart and this big group here it's
hard to tell but these are the
people that would be lined up in front
of every
Walmart shows you right
here 7,000 snap adult per month per
Walmart the bread line is 4 miles
long 7,000 snap children per month per
Walmart the bread line is 3.67 M
long think about
that because of the food stamp program
the electronic food stamp program we do
not see bread lines we do not see what
we had during the Great Depression and
if you're from Canada you know as well
that unemployment was even higher in
Canada than in the US during that time
time so here it
is this is the new bread
lines and by the way the EBT cards JP
Morgan's own little business that they
run making money off of each
transaction this here another one
talking about
Cyprus so of course you know what
happened during the whole Cypress crisis
and it's very important to see that this
had been now
implemented in all G20
Nations they have a bailin regime set up
and this bailin regime basically says
that should the banks incur losses we
will make up for that shortfall with
depositor
money they claimed they claimed they had
the audacity at one point to claim that
they had to set up special
funds or use special funds they already
had depending on the information that
I've
read to make up for that shortfall don't
worry depositors are not
affected
however I believe that just as we saw in
Cyprus where money was taken out of
people's accounts against their will the
same thing will occur again your money
in insured accounts being stolen from
you that my friends is a collapse of
course it didn't collapse in sort of an
apocalyptic
manner you had some people in the
streets you had a little bit of chaos
but everyone went home and they lived
happily ever
after or so you think but to me when
they steal money out of accounts
people's personal accounts that's the
collapse it's happening when your
country has to sell off precious
assets the entire country being
destroyed
permanently I would say that is a
collapse look at what's happening in
Greece look at Cyprus it's never going
to be the same this is the end of part
one of this video make sure you tune in
to part two the link is in the
description of this video please click
on it right now